## How this site started

Back in 2018, I created my first site at this domain during my co-op
as a front end developer at URBN to test my skills in Vue.js. 
I played around with Vue's state management (Vuex) to make the site dynamic
as well as a build system called Gridsome which allowed me to write as little 
code as possible to get a site running. Don't get me wrong, Vue is an amazing
framework to get into right now, but my style has changed since.


I got tired of the look and feel of the site and decided to completely rewrite it
from the ground up using knowledge I gained from a user interface graduate course
I took at Drexel.

## Issues with the old site

The old site was powered by Contentful which is a CMS. I used this for any information
that I thought would change like my resume on file, courses I was a TA for, etc.
It became a hassle over time to login to contentful's site to change some information then
come back and change other information on the site's GitHub repoitory.

I also did not want to be tied down to a CMS like Contentful or a JAM stack site like Netlify
which is what I used to compile and deploy the site automatically.

## Current state of the site

I have moved all of my infrastructure from Netlify and Contentful to a personal VPS that I rent as well
as using Docker to deploy my site on the VPS. This gives me more freedom to create applications
that I was not able to do before because the JAM stack only was able to serve webpages.


## Looking forward
When I find some time, I am hoping to possibly put some of my older projects up here for other people
to play with as well as some tutorials or general writing.
